
Changes made: 

Added JavaDoc to the MainAcitivty Classes as the Proffessor Specified in Lab02


Changes made to Homework 1

Deleted two constraints to items with ids that do not exist in a warning titled: reference to an unknown id. 

Added Android hints to both of the text-edits. 

Obsolete Grade Dependency: I chose to ignore this since I didn't really need to update and it wasn't really an issue. 

I changed dp in textSizes to sp. 

String literal can't be translated. I added String.format() to fix this issue. 

App isn't indexable by google search. I left this as is because its a calculator app and doens't really need google search. 

I ignored missing autofillhints because I added hints and I feel that is enough. 

I made all the mainactivity variables that could be private and made them private. 

I deleted unused variable declaration. 

Deleted unused Import.

I ignored String.toFromat error because adding it was recommended and when I remove it it recommends I readd it so I will leave it there. 

I changed a redundant decleration of EditText in several locations. 


I chose not ignore an on-purpose typo. I prefer to abreviate button as bttn. 

Vander was labeled a mis-spelling but that would require you to change your name so I decided to wait until after 
I met with you about potential name changes first. 



Homework 2 Changes: 

Added android hint

changed outdated parent

I ignored an error that said there was a new version of gradle available. That wasn't relevant to me. 

It asked me to change margin_layoutRight to margin_layoutEnd but it gave me a warning to revert back to the original so I ignored it

I changed an dp text size to an sp text size

I created a string resource for a hardcoded string

I deleted an used dimension

I deleted an usused preference xml

It got mad at me for not making it google search indexable. I decided to ignore this since it wouldn't really be nessescary to google search it. 

It asked for autofill but I already had a hint so I ignored it. 

The analyzer said my loadmanager was deprecated. I ignored this because it would involve re-doing my entire project. 

I ignored the can be package private. It wasn't nessescary. 

Deleted a class that was causing issue.

I deleted unused imports. 

It said stringbuffer could be declared as stringbuilder but that caused errrors so I ignored it. 

There were four instances that they said a class could cause Exceptions but I let it stay because that was my intention. 

I deleted redundant decleration of names. 